terraform/000-core/README.md, before:

# 000-core - Core setup: IAM users, ECS cluster
This module is used to create an ECS cluster along with the necessary
IAM roles to function.

## What this does

 - Create ECS cluster named after `app_name` and `app_env`
 - Create IAM roles and policies for ECS services and instances

## Required Inputs

 - `app_name` - Name of application, ex: Doorman, IdP, etc.
 - `app_env` - Name of environment, ex: production, testing, etc.

## Outputs

 - `cduser_access_key_id` - AWS access key id for continuous delivery user
 - `cduser_access_key_secret` - AWS access key secret for continuous delivery user
 - `cduser_arn` - ARN for continuous delivery IAM user
 - `cduser_username` - Username for contiuous delivery IAM user
 - `ecs_ami_id` - The ID for the latest ECS optimized AMI
 - `ecs_cluster_name` - The ECS cluster name
 - `ecs_instance_profile_id` - The ID for created IAM profile `ecsInstanceProfile`
 - `ecsInstanceRole_arn` - The ARN for created IAM role `ecsInstanceRole`
 - `ecsServiceRole_arn` - The ID for created IAM role `ecsServiceRole`


## Usage Example

```hcl
module "core" {
  source   = "github.com/silinternational/idp-in-a-box//terraform/000-core"
  app_name = "${var.app_name}"
  app_env  = "${var.app_env}"
}
```

Commit message:

add CloudTrail logging to 000-core

terraform/000-core/README.md, after:

# 000-core - Core setup: IAM users, ECS cluster
This module is used to create an ECS cluster along with the necessary
IAM roles to function.

## What this does

 - Create ECS cluster named after `app_name` and `app_env`
 - Create IAM roles and policies for ECS services and instances
 - Create S3 bucket for CloudTrail logs
 - Create IAM user with read-only access to CloudTrail S3 bucket
 - Enable CloudTrail logging

## Required Inputs

 - `app_name` - Name of application, ex: Doorman, IdP, etc.
 - `app_env` - Name of environment, ex: production, testing, etc.

## Outputs

 - `cduser_access_key_id` - AWS access key id for continuous delivery user
 - `cduser_access_key_secret` - AWS access key secret for continuous delivery user
 - `cduser_arn` - ARN for continuous delivery IAM user
 - `cduser_username` - Username for contiuous delivery IAM user
 - `ecs_ami_id` - The ID for the latest ECS optimized AMI
 - `ecs_cluster_name` - The ECS cluster name
 - `ecs_instance_profile_id` - The ID for created IAM profile `ecsInstanceProfile`
 - `ecsInstanceRole_arn` - The ARN for created IAM role `ecsInstanceRole`
 - `ecsServiceRole_arn` - The ID for created IAM role `ecsServiceRole`
 - `cloudtrail_access_key_id` - Access key for IAM user with read-only access to Cloudtrail S3 bucket
 - `cloudtrail_access_key_secret` - Secret access key
 - `cloudtrail_arn` - ARN for Cloudtrail S3 bucket
 - `cloudtrail_username` - IAM username of read-only user to Cloudtrail S3 bucket


## Usage Example

```hcl
module "core" {
  source   = "github.com/silinternational/idp-in-a-box//terraform/000-core"
  app_name = "${var.app_name}"
  app_env  = "${var.app_env}"
}
```
