README.md, before:

# idp-in-a-box
Terraform Configuration, CLI Tool, Documentation, examples, and Docker Compose dev setup for the
IdP-in-a-Box service.

## CLI

The CLI can be used to check the status of the IdP. It can also be used to establish secondary resources
in a second AWS region, and to initiate a secondary region failover action.

### Parameters

All parameters can be set in a **Defaults** file, environment variables, or in command-line options. Command line
options take precedence over environment variables, which take precedence over defaults file (per
[spf13/viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper#why-viper)). The defaults file can be specified as a parameter, like
`idp --defaults idp.toml`. If not specified the current directory is searched for a file with the name `idp-cli.toml`.
The file can be in any of these formats: JSON, TOML, YAML, HCL, envfile. Change the file extension to match the format.
To set a parameter by environment variable, uppercase the parameter name and prefix with `IDP_`.

## bringing up idp-in-a-box locally using Docker Compose
1. Edit /etc/hosts or equivalent to assign `pw-api.local`, `pw-ui.local`, and
   `ssp.local` to 127.0.0.1.
2. Create `local.env` files in each of the subfolders there, using the existing
   `local.env.dist` files as guides where applicable.
3. `cd docker-compose`
4. `./up`
5. open browser to `localhost:51052`

Commit message:

stop calling the config file a "defaults" file

README.md, after:

# idp-in-a-box
Terraform Configuration, CLI Tool, Documentation, examples, and Docker Compose dev setup for the
IdP-in-a-Box service.

## CLI

The CLI can be used to check the status of the IdP. It can also be used to establish secondary resources
in a second AWS region, and to initiate a secondary region failover action.

### Parameters

All parameters can be set in a config file or environment variables. Some can also be specified as command-line flags.
Command line options take precedence over environment variables, which take precedence over the config file (per
[spf13/viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper#why-viper)). The config file can be specified as a parameter, like
`idp --config idp.toml`. If not specified the current directory is searched for a file with the name `idp-cli.toml`.
The file can be in any of these formats: JSON, TOML, YAML, HCL, envfile. Change the file extension to match the format.
To set a parameter by environment variable, uppercase the parameter name and prefix with `IDP_`.

## bringing up idp-in-a-box locally using Docker Compose
1. Edit /etc/hosts or equivalent to assign `pw-api.local`, `pw-ui.local`, and
   `ssp.local` to 127.0.0.1.
2. Create `local.env` files in each of the subfolders there, using the existing
   `local.env.dist` files as guides where applicable.
3. `cd docker-compose`
4. `./up`
5. open browser to `localhost:51052`
