terraform/060-simplesamlphp/README.md, before:

# 060-simplesamlphp - ECS service for simpleSAMLphp IdP
This module is used to create an ECS service running simpleSAMLphp.

## What this does

 - Create ALB target group for SSP with hostname based routing
 - Create task definition and ECS service for simpleSAMLphp
 - Create Cloudflare DNS records for SSP

## Required Inputs

 - `app_name` - Application name
 - `app_env` - Application environment
 - `vpc_id` - ID for VPC
 - `alb_https_listener_arn` - ARN for ALB HTTPS listener
 - `subdomain` - Subdomain for SSP IdP
 - `aws_region` - AWS region
 - `broker_subdomain` - Subdomain for id-broker
 - `cloudflare_domain` - Top level domain name for use with Cloudflare
 - `cloudwatch_log_group_name` - CloudWatch log group name
 - `docker_image` - URL to Docker image
 - `password_change_url` - URL to change password page
 - `password_forgot_url` - URL to forgot password page
 - `hub_mode` - Whether or not this IdP is in hub mode, default: false
 - `id_broker_access_token` - Access token for calling id-broker
 - `id_broker_assert_valid_ip` - Whether or not to assert valid ip for calling id-broker
 - `id_broker_trusted_ip_ranges` - List of trusted ip blocks for ID Broker
 - `id_broker_base_uri` - Base URL to id-broker API
 - `mfa_setup_url` - URL to setup MFA
 - `db_name` - Name of MySQL database for ssp
 - `mysql_host` - Address for RDS instance
 - `mysql_user` - MySQL username for id-broker
 - `mysql_pass` - MySQL password for id-broker
 - `profile_url` - URL of Password Manager profile page
 - `recaptcha_key` - Recaptcha site key
 - `recaptcha_secret` - Recaptcha secret
 - `remember_me_secret` - Secret key used in MFA remember me cookie generation
 - `ecs_cluster_id` - ID for ECS Cluster
 - `ecsServiceRole_arn` - ARN for ECS Service Role
 - `alb_dns_name` - DNS name for application load balancer
 - `idp_name` - Short name of IdP for use in logs and email alerts
 - `trusted_ip_addresses` - A list of ip addresses or ranges that should not be rate limited
 - `analytics_id` - The ID used by an analytics provider such as Google Analytics, e.g., "UA-XXXX-YY"

## Optional Inputs

 - `delete_remember_me_on_logout` - Whether or not to delete remember me cookie on logout. Default: `false`
 - `enable_debug` - Enable debug logs. Default: `false`
 - `logging_level` - Minimum log level to log. DO NOT use DEBUG in production. Allowed values: ERR, WARNING, NOTICE, INFO, DEBUG. Default: `NOTICE`
 - `mfa_learn_more_url` - URL to learn more about 2SV during profile review. Default: (link not displayed)
 - `secret_salt` - This allows for porting the value over from a primary to a secondary workspace. 
    A 64-character random string will be created automatically if not provided.
 - `show_saml_errors` - Whether or not to show saml errors. Default: `false`
 - `theme_color_scheme` - The color scheme to use for SSP. Default: `'indigo-purple'`
 - `trust_cloudflare_ips` - If set to `"ipv4"` Cloudflare IPV4 addresses will be included in `trusted_ip_addresses`

## Outputs

 - `hostname` - URL to SSP
 - `db_ssp_user` - MySQL Username
 - `admin_pass` - SSP Admin password

## Usage Example

```hcl
module "cf_ips" {
  source = "github.com/silinternational/terraform-modules//cloudflare/ips?ref=8.3.0"
}

module "ssp" {
  source                       = "github.com/silinternational/idp-in-a-box//terraform/060-simplesamlphp"
  memory                       = var.memory
  cpu                          = var.cpu
  desired_count                = var.desired_count
  app_name                     = var.app_name
  app_env                      = var.app_env
  vpc_id                       = data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.vpc_id
  alb_https_listener_arn       = data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.alb_https_listener_arn
  subdomain                    = var.ssp_subdomain
  aws_region                   = var.aws_region`
  cloudflare_domain            = var.cloudflare_domain
  cloudwatch_log_group_name    = var.cloudwatch_log_group_name
  docker_image                 = data.terraform_remote_state.ecr.ecr_repo_simplesamlphp
  password_change_url          = "https://${data.terraform_remote_state.pwmanager.ui_hostname}/#/password/create"
  password_forgot_url          = "https://${data.terraform_remote_state.pwmanager.ui_hostname}/#/password/forgot"
  hub_mode                     = var.hub_mode
  id_broker_access_token       = data.terraform_remote_state.broker.access_token_ssp
  id_broker_assert_valid_ip    = var.id_broker_assert_valid_ip
  id_broker_base_uri           = "https://${data.terraform_remote_state.broker.hostname}"
  id_broker_trusted_ip_ranges  = data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.private_subnet_cidr_blocks
  mfa_learn_more_url           = var.mfa_learn_more_url
  mfa_setup_url                = var.mfa_setup_url
  db_name                      = var.db_ssp_name
  mysql_host                   = data.terraform_remote_state.database.rds_address
  mysql_user                   = var.db_ssp_user
  mysql_pass                   = data.terraform_remote_state.database.db_ssp_pass
  profile_url                  = var.profile_url
  recaptcha_key                = var.recaptcha_key
  recaptcha_secret             = var.recaptcha_secret
  remember_me_secret           = var.remember_me_secret
  ecs_cluster_id               = data.terraform_remote_state.core.ecs_cluster_id
  ecsServiceRole_arn           = data.terraform_remote_state.core.ecsServiceRole_arn
  alb_dns_name                 = data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.alb_dns_name
  idp_name                     = var.idp_name
  theme_color_scheme           = var.theme_color_scheme
  theme_use                    = var.theme_use
  trusted_ip_addresses = concat(
    var.trusted_ip_addresses,
    data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.outputs.public_subnet_cidr_blocks,
  )
  analytics_id                 = var.analytics_id
  show_saml_errors             = var.show_saml_errors
  delete_remember_me_on_logout = var.delete_remember_me_on_logout
  help_center_url              = data.terraform_remote_state.broker.help_center_url
  enable_debug                 = var.enable_debug
  logging_level                = var.logging_level
  trust_cloudflare_ips         = "ipv4"
}
```

Commit message:

Add a variable to allow overwrite of DNS record

terraform/060-simplesamlphp/README.md, after:

# 060-simplesamlphp - ECS service for simpleSAMLphp IdP
This module is used to create an ECS service running simpleSAMLphp.

## What this does

 - Create ALB target group for SSP with hostname based routing
 - Create task definition and ECS service for simpleSAMLphp
 - Create Cloudflare DNS records for SSP

## Required Inputs

 - `app_name` - Application name
 - `app_env` - Application environment
 - `vpc_id` - ID for VPC
 - `alb_https_listener_arn` - ARN for ALB HTTPS listener
 - `subdomain` - Subdomain for SSP IdP
 - `aws_region` - AWS region
 - `broker_subdomain` - Subdomain for id-broker
 - `cloudflare_domain` - Top level domain name for use with Cloudflare
 - `cloudwatch_log_group_name` - CloudWatch log group name
 - `docker_image` - URL to Docker image
 - `password_change_url` - URL to change password page
 - `password_forgot_url` - URL to forgot password page
 - `hub_mode` - Whether or not this IdP is in hub mode, default: false
 - `id_broker_access_token` - Access token for calling id-broker
 - `id_broker_assert_valid_ip` - Whether or not to assert valid ip for calling id-broker
 - `id_broker_trusted_ip_ranges` - List of trusted ip blocks for ID Broker
 - `id_broker_base_uri` - Base URL to id-broker API
 - `mfa_setup_url` - URL to setup MFA
 - `db_name` - Name of MySQL database for ssp
 - `mysql_host` - Address for RDS instance
 - `mysql_user` - MySQL username for id-broker
 - `mysql_pass` - MySQL password for id-broker
 - `profile_url` - URL of Password Manager profile page
 - `recaptcha_key` - Recaptcha site key
 - `recaptcha_secret` - Recaptcha secret
 - `remember_me_secret` - Secret key used in MFA remember me cookie generation
 - `ecs_cluster_id` - ID for ECS Cluster
 - `ecsServiceRole_arn` - ARN for ECS Service Role
 - `alb_dns_name` - DNS name for application load balancer
 - `idp_name` - Short name of IdP for use in logs and email alerts
 - `trusted_ip_addresses` - A list of ip addresses or ranges that should not be rate limited
 - `analytics_id` - The ID used by an analytics provider such as Google Analytics, e.g., "UA-XXXX-YY"

## Optional Inputs

 - `delete_remember_me_on_logout` - Whether or not to delete remember me cookie on logout. Default: `false`
 - `dns_allow_overwrite` - Controls whether this module can overwrite an existing DNS record with the same name. Should be set true in a multiregion IdP.
 - `enable_debug` - Enable debug logs. Default: `false`
 - `logging_level` - Minimum log level to log. DO NOT use DEBUG in production. Allowed values: ERR, WARNING, NOTICE, INFO, DEBUG. Default: `NOTICE`
 - `mfa_learn_more_url` - URL to learn more about 2SV during profile review. Default: (link not displayed)
 - `secret_salt` - This allows for porting the value over from a primary to a secondary workspace. 
    A 64-character random string will be created automatically if not provided.
 - `show_saml_errors` - Whether or not to show saml errors. Default: `false`
 - `theme_color_scheme` - The color scheme to use for SSP. Default: `'indigo-purple'`
 - `trust_cloudflare_ips` - If set to `"ipv4"` Cloudflare IPV4 addresses will be included in `trusted_ip_addresses`

## Outputs

 - `hostname` - URL to SSP
 - `db_ssp_user` - MySQL Username
 - `admin_pass` - SSP Admin password

## Usage Example

```hcl
module "cf_ips" {
  source = "github.com/silinternational/terraform-modules//cloudflare/ips?ref=8.3.0"
}

module "ssp" {
  source                       = "github.com/silinternational/idp-in-a-box//terraform/060-simplesamlphp"
  memory                       = var.memory
  cpu                          = var.cpu
  desired_count                = var.desired_count
  app_name                     = var.app_name
  app_env                      = var.app_env
  vpc_id                       = data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.vpc_id
  alb_https_listener_arn       = data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.alb_https_listener_arn
  subdomain                    = var.ssp_subdomain
  aws_region                   = var.aws_region`
  cloudflare_domain            = var.cloudflare_domain
  cloudwatch_log_group_name    = var.cloudwatch_log_group_name
  docker_image                 = data.terraform_remote_state.ecr.ecr_repo_simplesamlphp
  password_change_url          = "https://${data.terraform_remote_state.pwmanager.ui_hostname}/#/password/create"
  password_forgot_url          = "https://${data.terraform_remote_state.pwmanager.ui_hostname}/#/password/forgot"
  hub_mode                     = var.hub_mode
  id_broker_access_token       = data.terraform_remote_state.broker.access_token_ssp
  id_broker_assert_valid_ip    = var.id_broker_assert_valid_ip
  id_broker_base_uri           = "https://${data.terraform_remote_state.broker.hostname}"
  id_broker_trusted_ip_ranges  = data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.private_subnet_cidr_blocks
  mfa_learn_more_url           = var.mfa_learn_more_url
  mfa_setup_url                = var.mfa_setup_url
  db_name                      = var.db_ssp_name
  mysql_host                   = data.terraform_remote_state.database.rds_address
  mysql_user                   = var.db_ssp_user
  mysql_pass                   = data.terraform_remote_state.database.db_ssp_pass
  profile_url                  = var.profile_url
  recaptcha_key                = var.recaptcha_key
  recaptcha_secret             = var.recaptcha_secret
  remember_me_secret           = var.remember_me_secret
  ecs_cluster_id               = data.terraform_remote_state.core.ecs_cluster_id
  ecsServiceRole_arn           = data.terraform_remote_state.core.ecsServiceRole_arn
  alb_dns_name                 = data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.alb_dns_name
  idp_name                     = var.idp_name
  theme_color_scheme           = var.theme_color_scheme
  theme_use                    = var.theme_use
  trusted_ip_addresses = concat(
    var.trusted_ip_addresses,
    data.terraform_remote_state.cluster.outputs.public_subnet_cidr_blocks,
  )
  analytics_id                 = var.analytics_id
  show_saml_errors             = var.show_saml_errors
  delete_remember_me_on_logout = var.delete_remember_me_on_logout
  help_center_url              = data.terraform_remote_state.broker.help_center_url
  enable_debug                 = var.enable_debug
  logging_level                = var.logging_level
  trust_cloudflare_ips         = "ipv4"
}
```
